# Steps to complete the project
- Fork and clone the [starter repository](//github.com/udacity/mws-restaurant-stage-1)
The code in this repository will serve as your baseline to begin development.

- You will need a [MapBox API key](//www.mapbox.com/install/)
Replace the text *<your MAPBOX API KEY HERE>* inside of main.js with your key. MapBox API is free to use, without providing any payment information.

- Convert the provided site to use a responsive design.

    1. Bootstrap and other CSS frameworks should not be used; all responsiveness should be done with CSS.
    1. Use appropriate document type declaration and   viewport tags
    1. Create a responsive grid-based layout using CSS
    1. Use media queries that provide fluid breakpoints across different screen sizes
    1. Use responsive images that adjust for the dimensions and resolution of any mobile device
- Implement accessibility features in the site HTML (most of this HTML is generated by JavaScript functions).
- Add a ServiceWorker script to cache requests to all of the site’s assets so that any page that has been visited by a user will be accessible when the user is offline. Only caching needs to be implemented, no other ServiceWorker features.
- You may use external JavaScript libraries, but UI frameworks may not be used. This includes (but is not limited to) jQuery, React, Angular, Vue, etc.

If you would like to use Google Maps, there is a _google-maps_ branch of the starter code. You'll need your own Google Maps API key. Replace the text _YOUR_GOOGLE_MAPS_API_KEY_ in index.html and restaurant.html with your own key.

## Before Submitting

Make sure your code adheres to our HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Git style guidelines.

- [Udacity's HTML Style Guide](//udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/index.html)
- [Udacity's CSS Style Guide](//udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/css.html)
- [Udacity's JavaScript Style Guide](//udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/javascript.html)
- [Udacity's Git Style Guide](./GIT.md)

We recommend using Git from the very beginning. Make sure to commit often and to use well-formatted commit messages that conform to our guidelines.

## How will this project be evaluated?

Your project will be evaluated by a Udacity Code Reviewer according to the [rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/rubrics/1090/view). Be sure to review it thoroughly before you submit. All criteria must "meet specifications" in order to pass.

The project rubric is your source of truth while building this project. Save it to your browser bookmarks so you can access it easily!
Task List

## Submission Instructions

1. Push your project to GitHub, making sure to push the master branch.
1. On the project submission page choose the option 'Submit with GitHub'
1. Select the repository for this project (you may need to connect your GitHub account first).

## Stuck? Got Questions?

If you are having any problems submitting your project or wish to check on the status of your submission, please email us at **support@udacity.com**.
